{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red88\green137\blue66;\red204\green204\blue202;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99971;\cssrgb\c41346\c59743\c32702;\cssrgb\c83591\c83590\c83069;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 readme for capstone 1\
\
This project allows a user to create a playlist and add songs to the playlist\
\
It also uses a 3rd part library which gets data from the billboard 100.\
\
db are playlists, songs, users\
\
For more improvement, allow sharing of playlist among users and allow others to edit\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Use the ChartData constructor to download a chart:\cb2 \
\
\cb2 # ChartData(name, date=None, year=None, fetch=True, timeout=25)\cb2 \
\cb2 # The arguments are:\cb2 \
\
\cb2 # name \'96 The chart name, e.g. 'hot-100' or 'pop-songs'.\cb2 \
\cb2 # date \'96 The chart date as a string, in YYYY-MM-DD format. By default, the latest chart is fetched.\cb2 \
\cb2 # year \'96 The chart year, if requesting a year-end chart. Must be a string in YYYY format. Cannot supply both date and year.\cb2 \
\cb2 # fetch \'96 A boolean indicating whether to fetch the chart data from Billboard.com immediately (at instantiation time). If False, the chart data can be populated at a later time using the fetchEntries() method.\cb2 \
\cb2 # max_retries \'96 The max number of times to retry when requesting data (default: 5).\cb2 \
\cb2 # timeout \'96 The number of seconds to wait for a server response. If None, no timeout is applied.\cb2 \
\
\cb2 # chart types https://www.billboard.com/charts/\cb2 \
\cb2 #  hot-100, billboard-200, artist-100, streaming-songs, radio-songs, digital-song-sales, top-album-sales,\cb2 \
\cb2 # billboard-u-s-afrobeats-songs, current-albums, catalog-albums, independent-albums, soundtracks, vinyl-albums\cb2 \
\
\cb2 # charts/year-end/\cb2 \
\cb2 # 2022/top-artists, 2022/top-artists-duo-group, 2022/top-artists-female, 2022/top-artists-male, 2022/top-new-artists, 2022/labels\cb2 \
\
\
\cb2 # chart = billboard.ChartData('hot-100', date='1981-08-20')\cb2 \
\cb2 # print (chart)\cb2 \
\cb2 # song = chart[0]  # Get no. 1 song on chart\cb2 \
\cb2 # song.title + ' by ' + song.artist\cb2 \
\cb2 # song.weeks  # Get no. of weeks on chart\cb2 \
}